Use Snyk image to compute dependency graph (#8)
DataDog/github-action-vulnerability-analysis: README.md

```yaml
jobs:
  vulnerability_analysis:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Setup Node
        uses: actions/setup-node@v1
        with:
          node-version: 12.x
      - name: Compute dependency graph
        uses: <Snyk Github Action repository>
        continue-on-error: true
        with:
          args: --print-deps --json --file=<build file>
          json: true
        env:
          SNYK_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SNYK_TOKEN }}
      - name: Upload dependency graph to Datadog
        uses: datadog/github-action-vulnerability-analysis@v0.2
        with:
          service: <service>
          version: <version>
          site: <site> # Optional
        env:
          DATADOG_API_KEY: <datadog-api-key>
          DATADOG_APP_KEY: <datadog-app-key>
```

4. Repeat steps 2 - 3 for any other services that you want to set up Vulnerability Security monitoring (you only need to set up `datadog-api-key`, `datadog-app-key`, and `snyk-token` once).

## Example

> Say we have a service running with Datadog on which we want to add the vulnerability analysis. The service is running in Datadog Europe site, is named `app-name`, the version is `v2.1`. The service is a Java program built with Gradle and the path to the build file is `app/build.gradle`. Datadog API key, Datadog APP key, and Snyk token are stored as [Github secrets](https://help.github.com/en/actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/creating-and-using-encrypted-secrets) under DATADOG_API_KEY, DATADOG_APP_KEY, and SNYK_TOKEN variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a service running Profiling with Datadog and you decide to add the vulnerability analysis. The service is running in the Datadog EU site (app.datadoghq.eu), is named `app-name`, the version is `v2.1`. The service is a Java program built with Gradle and the path to the build file is `app/build.gradle`. Store the Datadog API key, the Datadog app key, and the Snyk token as [Github secrets](https://help.github.com/en/actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/creating-and-using-encrypted-secrets) under DATADOG_API_KEY, DATADOG_APP_KEY, and SNYK_TOKEN variables.
```
